The Joe Rogan Experience, you commit to letting
someone use something on you. Yeah, you know commit
to a small to put a vibrator on your taint. Okay. Hey,
sorry. I was just hang out. You don't have to use a
theragun on my paint. This is talk. You don't have
to do that. God I remember there was who is this girl
in college? And she's 2 Chainz smoke and drink tab
all day. It was everything everything about how
do I scan a manufactured and you know, just perfect
perfect like I was over house and I we we we kind of
broken up and she had a party. She's like a when you
stick around as I can head out Citgo stay say I was
like not like I've toys I'm like, all right. Let's
crack another beer a little while and play with toys
and and she opened up her her bottom drawer dresser
and it was like a fucking hardware store all of it.
And do you remember post 9-11 with Stanhope with
travel with a suitcase filled with dildos? Grade
a shoe salesman. Let me show you my Wares. I mean,
they're 100% legal to have yeah, so he would just
get checked in every TSA them in the fucking it open
up. His bags just dicks rubber Dick's but what kind
are all these go but you go back to his hotel room.
He opens up his suitcase and you just start using
them full of Stanhope. That's right. Perfect. Perfect.
Tell listen I see that you like me and you've come
back to my room. Can I assume I can put Hardware that's
been in other women inside of you right now? Yes.
Sure. Let's do it. Let's smoke cigarettes, too.
Make the mushroom smoke a cigarette when you got
what are you doing? Where you at right now for a while
biking and hiking down in Tucson is writing a book
and she's She was a cyclist, right? Anyway, she got
him like to stop drinking for a while start eating
healthy start exercises are riding a bike and she's
like getting up to do it on a regular basis. Yeah.
I was like what? How is this possible? I don't know
if you maintained. I just assumed it was just a cleansing.
Poet hot back. Yeah, I think that that makes being
a drunk to get boring. If you never took a break he
got to step away once in awhile clean it up and then
feel the joy of going back down into the darkness.